\\ STARFORGE STORIES - CREATED BY FRYKAS WITH NEBULOX \\

* MAIN STORY * (things are still subject to change during development) 

- Chapter I - RISE OF THE UNBOUND

A crew of various people & races, the Thalasso, led by a Hylotl woman named Minami Mariko, calls out to the Player through a common acquaintance, Penguin Pete.
Before being a captain, Mariko was a protectorate student, just like the player. This is the main reason why she calls him to their outpost, as 
the protectorate's remnants are but a few particles of dust. 
Before calling the player, they worked for an organisation proposing missions and space adventures. It is by doing this that they ended up working under 
Apolleon, for the Unbound, an apex rebel faction, before he declared his galactic "conquest". During one of their mission, they found what is called a "Starforge", a very rare, 
and also very powerful Ancient crafting station capable of replicating and creating almost anything out of simple materials and ancient essence. 
Know that this could become a dangerous tools in the wrong hands, they decided to keep it a secret and have one of the crew member, Rondin, study it.

But soon after, an event known as "The Rise of the Unbound" started, and the Apex faction quickly started to expand rapidly, liberating thousands of Apex from the hands of 
the Miniknog, but also forcefully taking any Ancient items or technology, in the hopes of finding something called the "Godforge", something that Apolleon believes holds the key
to the next stage of evolution.
Having worked for them before, Mariko & her crew felt like they had to take action, thus starting the Chapter I and the first Starforge mission.

After attacking a secret Unbound base, researching thermite technology & tank blueprints, and after infiltrating their network through the Taurus space station, the crew goes 
to a dangerous Unbound prison to rescue Sasha Beniko, ally & friend of Morpheus, both infiltrated the Unbound and together, have a deep knowledge of Unbound systems. After rescuing 
Sasha and talking to her, Mariko & the crew agree that they will need more than just a Hero and the Thalasso to take on the Unbound. They conclude that they will need allies, and Sasha
says that luckily, the Unbound are making more enemies than allies. During the ending cinematic, we learn that the Unbound have acquired the Godforge key.


- Chapter II - UNBOUND, UNSHACKLED

Sasha says that in order to make new allies, the Thalasso will need to strike the Unbound hard enough for other factions & companies to realise that they can all act & strike back. 
She says that while investigating the Unbound network & their files, they found out that the Unbound know the location of what they call the "Godforge Key". She says that 
it's extremely important for the Unbound, and stealing it from them would prove to be a huge advantage in the future. Hoping that they were faster than the Unbound, Mariko and the others 
send the player to an Elpis frigate, which apparently is in possession of the Key.

Sadly they arrive too late, as all they find is the wreckage of the frigate, still being investigated by Unbound troops, with no traces of the key. This was a trap from Starvia, the Rifter, 
lead scientist of the Unbound Science Division. After the recent attacks, she suspected someone to have infiltrated them and chose the keep the godforge key a secret.
She asks the Player and the crew who they are, explaining that whatever they are trying will only hurt more people than the Unbound plan to. She explains that their goal is only to 
find the Godforge and make the Apex race ascend into a new plane of existence. She makes sassy remarks, claiming that there is nothing the crew is able to do. 

Sasha and Morpheus used the opportunity to track the signal from the Rifter, into a secret ocean experimental lab. But this was, again, a trap by the Rifter. The Player finds themselves
into a maze-like lab completely full of traps, parkour areas and space distorted by failed Rift experiments. The Rifter uses this opportunity to talk with the Thalasso. She says that 
the Unbound believes in no god, only to themselves. That the lies of Big Ape & the Miniknog were enough, and that now Apolleon is looking to free all Apexes. She explains that when they were
rebels, no one was there to help them in their fight for freedom. Apolleon lost an eye, an arm and his family in the fight. Starvia says that she also lost her family, and that the original 
rebel cell was all that she had. The Protectorate was never there for them, and it was only when they found it, a Starforge, that they gained enough power to rise.
The Thalasso is confused, as the Rifting experiments made by the science division does not line up with their researches on the Godforge, but the Rifter explains that while Apolleon and his 
team studies & analyse the Key, Starvia is studying the technology used by Ancient Vaults and Yukai Hylotl to reach other dimension & realities. She says that while she trusts Apolleon,
she has her doubts over the existence of the Godforge & its uses. If Apolleon is wrong, and they can't evolve with the Godforge, at least she will seek a new place for them to be & find peace.
At the end of the mission, she says that they're not the bad guys here, that the Unbound is full of hope and good people, only tainted by Apolleon's thirst for revenge.

In her last communication, Sasha & Morpheus found crypted coordinates, sent by the Rifter herself. They don't know whether it's another trap or not, but the location match with one of the 
biggest Unbould lab made by the Unbound, so they believe the place is worth a shot. 
They quickly realise that it is the main Research Facility used by the Rifter. After sending the Player there, the Rifter contacts them again, saying that the Thalasso must have talented people
if they could decrypt the coordinates. During the mission, we discover that they managed to understand how the Ancients & the Yukai managed to open gates to other dimensions, they managed 
to make their own technology called "Rifting". Starvia explains that her and most of the Unbound are just looking to find peace and true freedom, and that Apolleon, who's life full of loss, turned
him into a man full of rage and thirst for revenge. She says that Apolleon is a great leader, it's only because no one helped that it's turning out like that, and she wishes it turned out differently.
The Thalasso says that she could help them in their fight, try to convince Apolleon, but there is no more answer. 
Once the Player arrives to her, she thanks them for saving her the troubles of finding them. She says that she will not betray her own people, and that they deserve this freedom. The fight against 
Starvia, the first Rifter begins. During the fight she attacks the player using the rifting technology, her agile and quick movement, and clones of herself summoned through the Rift. When she is 
about to die, she bursts into an enraged state, yelling "IN LIFE, AND IN DEATH, I. AM. UNBOUND!" and overloads her suit, making it malfunction. She becomes invulnerable, but loses health 
as time goes. Once it reaches zero, she suddenly disappear, leaving no trace. In her office, there is a letter, telling the Player "I have no gods to pray to, but I pray that you help him find reason".
along the location of the Leviathan.

- Chapter III - CORPORATIONS AT WAR

Having killed one of the three Unbound commanders, and knowing the location of the UNBD Leviathan, which is apparently moving to an unknown location, Sasha says that they definitely 
have a shot at an alliance with space corporations. She contacts a Human male (name undecided) from the Elpis Elements corporation, who agrees to help them create an alliance to fight the Unbound.
The Thalasso sends the Player to Pandora's moon, Elpis, home to the company of the same name. This is where, Mariko, Sasha (Unamed Elpis Avian male) and (Unamed GAIA Human woman) meet and discuss
the creation of the Corporation Alliance, an alliance between Elpis Elements, the Thalasso Crew, and GAIA. Elpis agrees to participate if they get access to the Unbound's research on the Tidal
Frost element, from the Tide, while GAIA wishes to get access to the locations of the Starforges owned by the Unbound. GAIA being a very powerful corporation, and Elpis not requesting much
(as the company was attacked multiple times by the Unbound and wishes to fight back), they all agree and create the Alliance, joining the Thalasso Outpost.

They decide to launch an attack against the UNBD Leviathan, which is luckily isolated from the UNBD Retribution and en route to an unknown location. The players fights from ship to ship, until
finally arriving at the Leviathan. The Player has to deactivate the gigantic canon at the bottom of the frigate before regrouping with the Alliance.

After regrouping, the Player is then sent back inside the Leviathan to retrieve the Godforge key, only to meet Silmar, the Technomancer. Silmar is very angry that the Player is here,
and saying that there is no stopping them, the Unbound deserves this revenge. He is absolutely mad that Starvia was killed, and says that this will only backfire. He then shows the Player 
the Godforge Key, saying that they are probably here for it. The Alliance is very surprised, as they didn't expect the Leviathan to be carrying the Key, and only wanted to hit the Unbound's forces.
Turns out the Godforge Key, is also the Map, something Apolleon did not expect at all. The Key was on its way to a secret lab where it was supposed to be decripted, 
but the Alliance unknowingly striked first. The Technomancer decides to fight the Player on the bridge of the Leviathan, saying he wants revange for Starvia. The fights ends up outside,
on top of the Leviathan's hull, which is in low orbit of a planet, with both Unbound & Corporation ships fighting around. The Technomancer uses his jetpack to fight in the air, 
using his suit to turn invisible and his modified sniper to shoot the Player while they fight drones, Player his helped by Morpheus who shoots occasionally. During his final moments, 
Silmar tries to throw the Key from the top of the Leviathan, only to be shot by Morpheus before he can do so. Thus, the Leviathan is claimed by Elpis for salvage, and the Key is claimed by the Alliance.

- Chapter IV - THE FALL OF THE RETRIBUTION

With the Key (as well as the Map) in hands of the Alliance, Apolleon is furious. He orders Tremor, his right hand, to send eyes surveying the progress the Alliance makes on the Map.
He then proceeds to move the rest of the Unbound fleet and rallies his troop with a speech saying that an Alliance is currently trying to take their freedom away from them, and that he will
not let that happen.

- Chapter V - THE HAND OF GOD (FINALE) 

* SIDE STORIES * 

- The Yukai & the Tide

- The Rift

- The Great Withering

- The People of Siaxaa

- Katahel & Rondin's origins

- Space Corporation 

• Elpis Elements 
• GAIA
• Vitrium Industries
• Pachinko
• Xenotox
• Proto
• Nexus Engineering

- The Parangon series



I'm writing this at 3am and English is not my main language please bear with me